CSS TASKS

DAY 1

1.write a CSS code in inline style and display the paragraphs and headings in different colors.
2. how will you link a CSS file.
write the syntax and bring a output of your own
3.Internal css-fill in the code to display a heading in red color.
4. using internal style display the paragraphs  in red color and headings in blue color.
5. write the CSS code in external style and bring the output.
6. using universal selector display the text in blue color.
7. which selector you will use to display all the paragraphs  in blue color.
write the code and bring the output.
8. use class selector and bring the paragraph in red color and another paragraph in blue color.
9. use id selector and bring a output.
10. use descendant selector and display h2 headings in yellow color
11. use child selector and display the h2 headings in blue color.
12. Create a web page using Div(Box or Container) tag with all attributes

DAY 2

1.Display the text of the <div> tag as "italic".
2.Display the text of the <span> tag as "bold".
3.Set the font size of the page to "16px", the font size of the <h1> tag to "30pt", and the font size of the <p> tag to "1.5em".
4.Set the font family of the page to "Helvetica", and the font family of the <p> tag to "Lucida Console".
5.Add "italic", "16px" and "Helvetica" to the <h1> tag.
6.How to specify the font for a paragraph?
Text Properties
1.Create a web page using CSS Text-Properties.
2.How to set the text alignment for elements?
3.How to set indent of the first line of all paragraph elements?
4.How to set justify property in the paragraph elements?
5.How to use text-overflow property?
6.How to add shadow to text?
7.How to change cases of text in paragraphs?
8.How to set the text direction to "right-to-left"?
9.How to set the letter spacing for heading elements?
10.How to set the line height in percent?
11.How to specify the space between words in paragraph element?

DAY 3

1. TASK 1
2. How to set the background-attachment property whether a background image is fixed or scrolls with the rest of the page?
3.How to specify the painting area of the background?
4. How to set the background-color of different elements?
5.How to set a background-image for the body element?
6.  How to set the a background-image in the right-center of a document?
How to set the a background-image as horizontal and vertical position in percentage of a document?
7.Set the background image as cover
8.Set the background image as contain.
9. Set the background image using no-repeat
10. Bring the repeated images along the x-axis.
11. Bring the repeated images along the y-axis.
12. Bring the background image using auto.
13. Place an image at the center of a webpage.
14.Place an image at the top of a webpage.
15. Place an image at the bottom of a webpage.
16. Using percentage bring the image to left bottom.
17. Using percentage bring the image to right bottom.
18. Using percentage bring the image to right top.

DAY 4
List
1.Create a page called unordered.html. Set the title and a top level heading to Unordered List. Create an unordered list with five or more related items of your choosing. Put a second level heading above the list with text decribing what types of items the list contains. Give appropriate styling for the same.

2.Create a page called ordered.html. Set the title and a top level heading to Ordered List. Create an ordered list with five or more related items of your choosing. Put a second level heading above the list with text decribing what types of items the list contains.Style the page using css properties.

3. 3.Create a page called description.html. Set the title and a top level heading to Description List. Create a descriptions list with descriptions of the following HTML terms:
•HTML
•HTML element
•HTML tag
•angle bracket
•HTML attribute
•HTML comment
•HTML object element
•HTML special character
Put a second level heading above the description list with HTML Terms as text.
Style it appropriately using css.


4.In this exercise you will need to use nested ordered lists with type attributes to create an outline. Create a page called learning_webdev.html Set the title and a top level heading to Learning Web Development, then use nested ordered lists to create a page that looks like this:
Style the same using css properties. 

DAY 5
1. Create a web layout using pseudo classes
2.Create a web layout using pseudo classes
3.Create a web page using relevant tag while clicking it has to be open in new tab
4. using pseudo class
5. using pseudo element

DAY 6
TABLE
1. TABLE 1
2. TABLE 2
3. TABLE 3

DAY 7
CSS BOX MODEL
1. TASK 1
2.TASK 2
3. TASK 3
4. TASK 4
5. TASK 5
6. TASK 6
7. TASK 7


