HTML TASKS

DAY 1
1.write the structure of a html document.
2.Create a Html file with your name as title.
3.Create a HTML program using Basic and Types of Heading tags
4.Create a Html file with the paragraph about you as a body with  “About Me” as heading 1.
5.Create a Html file with your qualities to be listed with H1 to H6 tags.
6.Use paragraph tag and bring the output of  paragraph.
7.create a html document with heading,para,hr,br tags.
8.Use <hr> tag and bring an output .
9.use br tag and bring an output.
10.Create a Html file with your photo and name as caption.
11.Create a Web page using HTML Image Tag with Attributes
12. Place an image as such and also with the attributes.

DAY 2
Day-2

1.Create a web page which displays your personal details in the below format:
●      Name: xxxx
●      Gender: xxxx
●      e-mail ID: xxxx
●      Mob.No.: xxxx
●      Xth Percentage: xx
●      Inter Percentage: xx
●      Aggregate Percentage in B.Tech: xx
The main heading of the page should be "My Profile" below which the above mentioned details should be displayed.
Also the left-hand side details like Name, Gender, etc., should be displayed in bold.

2. In this task, we want you to mark up the provided HTML using semantic heading and paragraph elements.

3. In this task, we want you to turn the first un-marked up list into an unordered list, and the second one into an ordered list.

4. Create a hyperlink with in a document.
Sample link: example.com.

5. Create a HTML program for Ordered and Unordered List
6. Create a HTML program by using text formatting tags,

7. use superscript and subscript tags.

8. create a tourism web page with images, anchor tags, headings and paragraphs.

9. place a  header, image and footer

10.Figure and figcaption
Use image attributes such as height and width and bring a small image as an output.

11. use del,ins tags

DAY 3

1.Create a Html file with My Success Story as title.
2.Create a Html file with the paragraph about your studies journey as a body with  “My Qualification” as heading 4.
3. Create a html file with pre tag for your college details with     heading 5 as “ My College”.
4. Create a Html file with table having sno, family member, title   and age as table heading.
5. Create a Html file with atleast three rows inserted into the   above table.
6. Create a Html file with unordered list of your hobbies. And   make hobbies as heading.
7. Create a Html file with Success Story as Summary and Details   inserted within that Summary
8.TABLE-TIMETABLE 
9.TABLE-SALES INFORMATION
10.TABLE- INVOICE ABC LTD
11.TABLE- PERSONAL DETAILS
12.TABLE- USING TABLES IN WEBSITES
13.Use the audio tag to embed the file on your page. Make sure it plays.
14.Use attributes on the audio tag to make the file autoplay and loop forever.
15.Use the video tag to embed the file on your page. Make sure it plays.
16.Make the video 600 pixels wide and remove the controls, using attributes of the tag.

DAY 4
1. FORM 1
2. FORM 2
3. FORM 3
4. FORM 4
5. FORM 5
6. FORM 6


